---
layout: post
date:   2015-02-8 11:00:00 +0530
categories: blog live 
tags: new github
---

I was on Android 5. And wasn't able to install OTA update 5.0.1 because I had changed so many things over time.
(Rooted + Multirom + TWRP custom rom)


Just now managed to install the update and this is how I did it.

A) Remove multirom
https://github.com/Tasssadar/multirom/wiki/Using-MultiROM
multirom_uninstaller-mako.zip

B) Remove TWRP
Get into bootloader. Get recovery from the Factory Images
# fastboot flash recovery recovery.img


C) Downlaod and install OTA
Error:
Verifying current system...
"system/bin/debuggerd" has unexpected contents.

E:Error in /cache/update.zip
(Status 7)
Installation aborted.


Solution:
1) From the Nexus Factory Images on Google - extract the "system.img"

2) Mount the system.img

#uncompress
 %./out/host/linux-x86/bin/simg2img system.img system.img.raw
 #mount to directory mnt-point/
 %mkdir mnt-point
 %sudo mount -t ext4 -o loop system.img.raw mnt-point/
http://omappedia.org/wiki/Android_eMMC_Booting#Modifying_.IMG_Files

3) Mount the System partition in RW mode:

# mount -o rw,remount -t ext4 /system

4) Copy the required files and try to install again.


This was I had to download the OTA over and over again. Each time it will fail and I will reboot the device I will get notified of the new update (5.0.1).
So I figured I would rather download the OTA myself and sideload.


http://www.androidcentral.com/android-501-ota-links-are-starting-surface-heres-how-use-them
# adb sideload lollipop.zip


After that it took a really long time to reboot. :) And didn't work at all. Was stuck in a boot loop.

So I got into bootloader, formatted system partition and flashed "system.img". (back to pavilion) 
And immediately came to Recovery & I sideloaded the OTA update and rebooted.

Android is upgrading...
